Here are some good Python practice exercises, starting easy and getting a little harder.

Beginner practice

Create variables for your name, age, and city, then print them.
Make a variable called favorite_car = "Porsche" and print a sentence using it.
Practice snake case by creating variables like:
first_name
favorite_food
best_friend_name
Create two numbers and print their sum, difference, product, and quotient.
Ask the user for their name with input() and say hello.

Condition practice
6. Ask for a number and tell whether it is positive, negative, or zero.
7. Ask for someone’s age and print whether they are a child, teen, or adult.
8. Ask for a password and check if it matches a saved password.

Loop practice
9. Print numbers 1 through 10 with a for loop.
10. Print even numbers from 2 to 20.
11. Use a while loop to count down from 5 to 1.
12. Ask the user to guess a secret number until they get it right.

String practice
13. Store your name in a variable and print:

all uppercase
all lowercase
number of letters
Ask the user for a word and check if it starts with a vowel.
Reverse a word using slicing.

List practice
16. Make a list of 5 favorite foods and print each one.
17. Add a new item to a list, remove one, and sort the list.
18. Find the largest number in a list.

Function practice
19. Write a function called greet() that prints hello.
20. Write a function add_numbers(a, b) that returns the sum.
21. Write a function that checks if a number is even.

Mini projects
22. Simple calculator
23. Mad Libs game
24. To-do list
25. Number guessing game
26. Quiz game with 3 questions
27. Student grade checker
28. Expense tracker

Try these 3 first since they match what you’re learning:

city = "Miami"
print(city)
car_1 = "Porsche"
print("My favorite car is", car_1)
first_name = input("Enter your first name: ")
city_name = input("Enter your city: ")
print("Hello", first_name, "from", city_name)

Here’s a 7-day practice plan:

Day 1: variables and printing
Day 2: strings and snake case
Day 3: input and simple math
Day 4: if statements
Day 5: loops
Day 6: lists
Day 7: functions and a mini project